[car horns honking]
[helicopter whirring]
[news reporter] From our
eye in the sky we are seeing
unprecedented traffic
chaos across the capital.
According to eyewitnesses.
several cars ground to a halt.
their engines
bursting into flames.
Injuries are reported
but no fatalities as yet.
The areas around the vehicles
are experiencing severe gridlock
which is hampering the
response of emergency services.
There is no word on
what caused this.
Take Ho down to
interrogation cell eight.
-The fright cube?
-Yep.
I know my rights. I need
to talk to my dad's lawyer.
You don't get any phone calls.
And if you did. you're better
off calling the dry cleaner
and a dentist.
Why am I getting my updates
on burning cars from the news?
Apologies. ma'am.
We've been waiting until we
know for sure what happened.
-And do you?
-Well. we've ruled out terror.
They weren't car bombs.
It seems a chemical in the fuel caused
the engines to seize up and overheat.
And what are the fuel
companies saying?
Denying liability.
Claiming sabotage.
First Desk is looking into how and
where it might have taken place.
Oh. is he?
I don't understand. um...
Why are there still all these
burning cars on the roads?
Uh. the police can't move
them until the flames are out
and the firefighters can't get in
there until the gridlock eases.
-Yeah. but then...
-[phone buzzing]
Oh. excuse me. Sorry.
[mumbles]
[clears throat]
Whelan.
[Carl] We met on your jog.
Do you have an official
comment on the story
we're going to run for
Dodie Gimball's column?
You shouldn't have this
phone number. How dare you?
There will be repercussions.
I promise you that.
[Carl] The repercussions
are on you.
If you weren't so
busy chasing skirt
maybe we wouldn't have
shootings and gridlock.
-[stammers]
-Is this traffic situation contained?
Uh. yeah. um. about
ten minutes ago.
I was about to shut down
every gas station in London.
-Petrol station.
-Petrol... petrol station.
Thankfully we established
that all the affected stations
had a delivery from
one single tanker.
So. traffic should be back to
normal by the end of the day.
The fence at the depot was cut.
so we're assuming that's
where the tampering happened.
Likely by climate protestors.
[news reporter] Our
London mayor Zafar Jaffrey
has issued a statement
calling for calm
in the wake of what sources are saying
is the result of fuel tampering.
[Zafar] While the emergency services
are doing everything they can
to get the roads clear. I would
urge people to leave their cars...
[person. in Arabic] Look at them
down there. we've driven them crazy.
And what's coming next will
drive them even crazier.
[news reporter
continues on radio]
[sniffs]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
How many will it kill?
All of them. It
will be a massacre.
["Strange Game" playing]
[car horns honking]
[Flyte] The gridlock is focused
mainly around those vehicles.
so Muswell Hill. Elephant and
Castle. Mile End. and the City.
No fatalities. Although. there
is a pensioner in intensive care.
Sorry. why has the explosives
unit been stood down?
Well. that would've been
nice to know. [scoffs]
So why did the
engines explode then?
Well. once the fire is
out. get forensics in.
They should be able to tell
us what the chemical was
-and where it came from.
-What's the plan?
[Flyte] Doesn't help
that I'm stuck over here.
The usual.
So. do nothing?
-Yeah.
-As long as I know.
[Flyte] Taverner wants them in
lockdown while she sweats Ho.
Let me know if
the CCTV turns up.
[sighs] Where's Shirley Dander?
Ah. I'd check the
downstairs lav.
[sniffs] She'll either be shoveling
one up or curling one out.
Phones.
I gave Shirley some money
to get us all breakfast.
Not you. I'm afraid.
That was before you arrived.
[grunts]
Hey. Where're you going?
[stammers] Well... Talking of
breakfast made me a bit peckish.
There's fresh cake
and crisps downstairs.
[Flyte] Sit down. It sounds
like your breakfast is coming.
-[honking]
-[phone rings]
River?
What? I can't hear you.
-Fuck.
-Hey! Watch where you're going!
[Flyte] Come on.
stop playing games.
And give me your phone.
[sighs]
Coe. it's a lockdown.
Give her your phone.
Hand it over. No comms.
this is a lockdown.
-This is a podcast.
-I don't care.
Come on. give her your phone.
otherwise she's gonna call up
the two Dogs that are
in Roddy's office.
Sorry?
I can't hear a fucking
thing. I'll see you in a sec.
Why are you being so helpful?
I was just... Occasionally he's
not really the most responsive.
but don't know why
I bother. Crack on.
[Catherine] You're familiar with
the Slough House brief. I assume?
Mm-hmm.
Well. then you'll know that
some of us have issues.
Get to the point.
Well. it's just that
listening to music...
Podcast.
Listening to music or podcasts has
the effect of calming Mr. Coe down.
What happens if he doesn't
listen to something?
I'm not sure. We've never
prevented him before.
Okay. listen to the
damn music. Whatever.
It's a podcast.
[whimsical music playing]
[huffs] Ain't no prison
built that can hold me.
[huffing]
The only prison I fear is
the prison of the mind.
And I bust out of
that years ago.
I am mythical. historical
and futuristical.
Roddy Ho is merely the latest
incarnation of my most potent energy.
I cannot be created
nor destroyed.
Sir Isaac Newton. motherfuckers.
The only difference between him
and me is I don't believe in laws.
I am the law.
How long has he been doing this?
About 20 minutes straight.
What causes that?
Is that a lack of breastfeeding
or too much breastfeeding?
[agent 1] Hey. come on.
I'm sure the forest animals
that found him did their best.
[Roddy] Alexander the
Great. Genghis Khan...
Uh. what is going on in here?
Why have you pulled
these people off the Hub?
[agent 2] Apologies. ma'am.
His response to the
room has been unusual.
Wow.
-[scoffs]
-[door buzzes. opens]
-Welcome. Clarice.
-No. Roddy.
I'm gonna let you sit here
quietly for five minutes
and think about this room
and all the things that I can make
happen in it if you don't help me.
Okay? See you shortly.
[door buzzes. opens]
[door closes]
[suspenseful music playing]
And who are you?
You fucking first.
Room for a little one?
Don't fucking touch me.
Oh. for fuck's sake.
What. you just walk in
and surrender. did you?
Why didn't you warn me we
were swarming with pricks?
I did. I called you.
[Shirley] The whole of
London is kicking off.
I couldn't hear you.
All right. well I couldn't hear
that you couldn't hear me. could I?
For God's sake. Shirley. You
used my money to buy wine?
Yes. see. what I thought was that there'd
be that much more for the rest of us.
[chuckles] Well. you
can't fault her logic.
You're really gonna
start the day with wine?
It's a bit early for spirits.
but knock yourself out.
[Shirley] I'm telling you. there's
something going on out there.
Total gridlock.
[Jackson] Flyte's up to speed.
Maybe she'll deign to share.
[Flyte] There's been an incident
at some petrol stations.
Three.
What kind of incidents?
It's Park business.
Oh. [stammers] And babysitting
us? Is that Park business as well?
That feels a bit below you.
Number three.
Coe. what is it
that you're saying?
On the list.
That I mentioned.
Previously.
The destabilization strategy.
Was trying to allude to
it rather than mention it
in front of this
unexpected company.
Yeah. well. the main reason not
to mention it in front of everyone
is out of sheer embarrassment
at the bat shit lunacy of it.
Number three is
disrupt the transports.
Um. he thinks sinister forces are
trying to bring down the country.
Yeah. but it's bollocks.
Doesn't make any sense.
I mean... [stammers] ...why
and try disrupt London traffic
when it is already
permanently fucked?
Oh. he's gone back in.
So. is that enough of a pattern for
it to be a destabilization strategy?
It's not. Why did someone
try and kill Roddy?
That's what we should
be worrying about.
And why did they try and
kill him with the same gun
that executed the
Abbotsfield killer?
What? Wait. how'd you know that?
Taverner.
And why are you just
telling us that now?
[sighs] 'Cause
I've been thinking.
Executed? I thought the
Abbotsfield killer killed himself?
[grunts] Taverner used
the word "executed."
And Flyte's not correcting me.
[sighs]
Excuse me?
Couldn't spare me some change. could
you? I'm trying to get a hostel.
Have a nice day.
Bad day?
Every day is bad. mate.
Nobody's got any money.
[person] Yeah.
Hard times all around. eh?
I mean they don't have
any coins or notes.
Pay for everything
on their phones.
[person] Hey.
I got some money for you.
And something I think
you want more than money.
Oh!
Not so fast. bro.
Need you to drop
something off first.
[engines idle in distance]
[sniffs. sighs]
[horns honk]
[sighs]
Sorry about that. [sighs]
About what?
Oh. my God.
-Oh. fuck.
-[all coughing]
Oh. fuck me. That's bad.
I really think you
should see a doctor.
[River] I think you
gave me lung cancer.
[Shirley] Was that a fart?
Yeah. mostly.
I'm not saying I like the sound.
but it does serve as a sort
of early warning system.
Uh. No. stay in the
room! Stay in the room.
-[River] Oh. fucking hell.
-I know what you're doing. Lamb.
I'm expelling excess gas.
I mean. it's the most
natural thing in the world.
It is completely unnatural.
It's like you've got a pauper's
grave in your arsehole.
[Flyte] Oh. fuck me. That's bad.
Oh. that's not a good blend
of smells. Flowers and shit.
[Jackson] Yeah. you might wanna keep
hold of that. I think I hit a seam.
Fuck me. you're up to something.
I-I'm up to my nipples in
acid reflux is what I am.
Methinks a Donald's in order.
No. no. Not in there.
I don't wanna hear it.
-Yeah. I don't wanna breathe it.
-[sighs]
Do I have permission to use
the downstairs boudoir then?
Please let him go.
He fucking reeks.
[stammers] We're gonna have this
baby right here if we're not careful.
-Come on. somebody get some towels.
-Okay. yeah go.
[mysterious music playing]
[sighs]
[coughing continues]
Is he like that all the time?
I wouldn't know. I don't
normally work weekends.
You know it really stands
out. you're ex-Old Bill.
[Devon] You got a
problem with that?
I actually like pigs.
Yeah. you know where
you are with the filth.
Yeah. it's totally amoral.
Yeah... [grunts] ...slip 'em a
fiver. they'll show you a dead body.
I'll show you one now
if you're not careful.
Yeah. but that
doesn't work. does it?
Because if I was dead. you wouldn't
be able to show me my own dead body.
Yeah. this banter stuff's
harder than it looks.
Shall I. uh. leave it
open or are you coming in?
Suit yourself.
[Devon] If you're looking
for the gun in the cistern.
-already dealt with that.
-[mouthing word] Fuck.
Cistern's the
first place I look.
Learned that in
the Met actually.
-[engines idling]
-[car horns honking]
Oh. hello. Martin.
You're looking well.
Thanks for dropping by.
Is there a reason we're
not in your office?
Um...
Lovely day? Lovely view.
[inhales deeply] And. uh...
I wanted a legal
opinion off the record.
As MI5's legal counsel. I
don't really do off the record.
-Well. hypothetical.
-[door closes]
Uh. hello.
Goodbye. Thank you.
Sorry about that.
[inhales sharply]
As I was saying. hypothetical.
Like a parlor game. Kind of.
Say I-I needed a D-Notice
put out about someone...
Hmm. me. But in a
private capacity.
Sounds like you should be
talking to your personal lawyer.
I-I'm not sure
she's got the heft.
And given how you're
the Chief Legal Adviser
to the Security Services.
of which I'm in charge.
it seems to me that the. uh. needs
of the Service and my own are...
are as one.
-Is this security related?
-Of course it's fucking...
Look. relax. relax.
Hypothetical.
I'm just anticipating is
what I'm doing. and...
given how we're ruffling Gimball's
feathers and his wife. he...
You know his wife? Works
for that snotty tabloid.
Well. she has a known
animus towards me
and there could be some
un-underhanded things coming my way.
Unpleasant things.
Lies. Scandalous lies.
Well. not scandalous. Just
lies. and I... You know...
[explosion in distance]
[dramatic music playing]
What the fuck was that?
I-I don't know.
What the hell was that?
Did another car explode?
Is it the petrol stations again?
Uh. we don't know. There's a lot
of confusing intel right now.
Well. that's hardly an
excuse. people. We're MI5.
I need unconfusing
intel right bloody now.
Anyone?
Uh. someone's just posted this.
[explosion]
[screaming. panting]
[Claude] Dear God.
[screaming on video continues]
[knocking on door]
Hurry up!
-You must be finished by now.
-[Flyte] A bomb's gone off.
[Jackson] Oh. come
on. It's not that bad.
[Flyte] Regent's Park Zoo.
I'm heading down there.
I've left Johnson
upstairs to watch them.
Keep them in hard
lockdown. no comms.
And don't trust or listen
to that human fungus.
[toilet flushes]
She wasn't talking
about me. was she?
What were you doing in there?
[sighs] Oh. false alarm.
My ring-piece isn't what it was.
so I leave a lot to gravity.
[Devon] You just stayed
in there to make me wait?
Well. I left the seat up for ya.
If you need to go.
[sniffs. sighs]
I know we don't torture people.
I've seen all the
internal files on that.
So why don't you just drop the
theatrics and come at the king head-on.
Roderick Ho.
[chuckles]
Or should I say Clint Wolf?
I have many nom de guerre.
Clint Wolf. dragon slayer. the human
tripod. the true king of Gondor.
Occasionally. Ice Monroe.
Do you have any connection
with the incel community?
Specifically the Unseen?
Is this your subtle way of asking
if the ramrod's getting any?
-Hmm.
-Huh?
Full disclosure. I'm a
very sexual creature.
-[gasps] Oh?
-Yeah.
Roddy by name. Ho by nature.
I'm the opposite of an
involuntary celibate.
Involuntary fuckboy more like.
That's enough of that.
We've been through your phone.
We know all about your
relationship with Tara.
Why was she interested in you?
[scoffs] Finest mind
and finest body in MI5.
[Diana] Oh. she knew
you were in MI5?
Yeah.
You're allowed to
tell your spouse.
And she's more than a
spouse. she's a soulmate.
Someone tried to
murder you last night.
Does this concern you?
Murder is a very strong word.
It's also an entirely accurate
description of what happened.
The gun had been used before to
execute the Abbotsfield killer.
Okay. Coincidence. Happenstance.
H-Have you seen Magnolia? Yeah?
Yeah. Tom Cruise. he
rocks in that film.
-It taught me a lot about women.
-Why would someone want to kill you?
Jealous ex?
Hell hath no fury like
a Roddy Ho ex. yeah?
-[sighs]
-Once you've tasted Michelin D.
it's hard to go
back to junk food.
-[sighs]
-It's too much for some women.
It's like orgasmic
vertigo or the bends.
Roddy. you... you
don't have to do this.
We both know you
don't have any exes.
No. you're not a lothario.
You're not James Bond.
Your relationship
history consists of
a series of deeply awkward.
prematurely terminated encounters
followed by periods
of intense neediness
and borderline harassment
until you are blocked.
Which leaves me to ponder.
as I'm sure you have
pondered yourself.
what made Tara different?
[clamoring]
[Flyte] Sorry. he deliberately
targeted the penguins?
[police officer 1] Yep. killed 22 of
them. Thankfully. no human casualties.
We have him on CCTV
heading towards the zoo
carrying what looks
like a thermos.
There he is entering the zoo.
Witnesses say he
threw it in and ran.
The device must have reacted with the
water. some kind of pressure trigger.
This is him.
Okay. well. I think we can
presume he didn't make it himself.
Where did you get the bomb?
A man.
I didn't know it
was gonna do this.
Did he say why he
wanted you to do it?
No. Who the fuck wants
to kill penguins?
What did you think
it was gonna do?
He said it'd turn the water
red. Symbolic. Not actual blood.
Did he give you
something for it?
He gave me 50 quid. And he said
he were gonna give me a hit.
-What did he look like?
-[person grunts] A man.
You said that. Anything
else apart from his gender?
Age. ethnicity. nationality?
Thirties. maybe.
White. Italian. Spanish.
I don't know.
Can I get me ice?
I've earned it.
What do you think?
I think I should get something for
this. I got hit by a fucking flipper!
-[police officer 1] Get in!
-[person] All right.
[Tyson] At the zoo? Seriously?
That doesn't make any
sense. What else do we know?
Uh-huh.
Okay. Keep us posted.
He'll wanna issue some
sort of statement.
[sighs] Did you get the
photo for Instagram?
Uh. I had to take that call.
Oh. for God's sake. I can't
ask to hug her again. can I?
Someone threw a bomb into the
penguin pool at Regent's Park Zoo.
Who... Who the hell does that?
A mentally ill junkie.
[stammers] You can't... You
can't use language like that.
You mean someone who suffers
from substance abuse issues.
Pretty sure "mentally ill"
is out of bounds as well.
[Tyson] He said someone
gave him the bomb.
but there's no real sense as
to who gave it to him or why.
Sorry. [clears throat]
Sorry for your loss.
London grieves for you.
I'll be back for the
memorial service tomorrow
where we'll set out together
on the long path of healing.
and make London Londerful again.
What is happening to this
city? This is insane. Terrible.
I've got some more bad news.
This evening's debate is
no longer going ahead.
I will not give in to terror.
It's not going ahead because
of Gimball. He's pulled out.
He thinks you're gonna use
Abbotsfield to score political points.
Good. he's running scared.
I'll hold my own event.
I'd score even more
points without him there.
[news reporter] A
serious explosion
occurred at Regent's
Park Zoo this morning.
The Metropolitan Police have informed
us that they located the device
that was detonated inside
the penguin enclosure.
Christ. The bomb that went
off killed a load of penguins.
Shit.
Fuck.
That's mad.
Penguins. Is it connected?
Number four. seize the media.
Hey. I need to seize your media.
You shouldn't have a phone.
-No. he has special dispensation.
-[clicks tongue]
[Catherine] We
should listen to him.
[Devon] Don't look
at me like that.
[sighs] Shit. It's happening.
It's really happening.
Sorry. How the fuck do you
seize the media with penguins?
[sighs] That's all that'll
be on the news for days.
People fucking love penguins.
I mean. look how teary-eyed
you lot just got.
It'll push Abbotsfield
right off the headlines.
So. you believe Coe?
While three items on the
destabilization list. I can...
yeah. I'd pass off
as a coincidence.
but four means it's real.
Okay. So. what...
what comes next?
Five.
Yes. I can count.
What is number five?
Assassinate a populist leader.
The mayoral debate's
this evening.
Well. Gimball... G-Gimball's a populist.
What. they're gonna whack Gimball?
Uh. Welles. I need to
speak to the Park urgently.
You don't get to
speak to anyone.
You're on lockdown. remember?
That came from the Park.
Okay. let me call Flyte then.
She told me to not let you communicate
with anyone and to not trust you.
Pretty sure you were
there when she said it
so why would she
want a call from you?
Well. fuck it
then. You call her.
You mistake me for someone who
takes orders rather than gives them.
-Okay. then give her a message.
-What's the message?
Someone is about to try
and kill Dennis Gimball.
Evergreen statement.
Ho. Abbotsfield. The...
The traffic disruption.
Now this fucking
bomb at the zoo.
T-They're all part of a
destabilization strategy.
The next on the list is
assassinate a populist leader.
So right now. we're at DEFCON
shit. fuck. bollocks and scramble.
and the Park don't
even realize it.
I embarrass you. so
you embarrass me.
Is that what you're
going for here?
[scoffs] Fuck. First of all
you didn't embarrass me.
[Devon] I confiscated your
gun. It's humiliating.
So. you try and make me
look like a fucking prick.
Welles. Welles. just
pass on the message.
Seriously. he wouldn't even get up out
of his chair if it wasn't important.
I'm old enough to remember when you
thought Coe's theory was bat shit.
You did.
Yes. but everything you
say sounds bat shit.
It is bat shit.
Sit down. old man.
[Jackson sighs]
[mysterious music playing]
[sniffs]
Where is she from?
France.
France?
Are you sure?
No.
I asked her where she was from
and she said. [in French
accent] "lots of places."
[in normal voice] Which I
thought sounded pretty cool.
Might use that line
myself actually.
Why didn't you tell your
coworkers about her?
My last relationship ended
badly. I didn't wanna jinx it.
Well. your last relationship
was with a bot. Roddy.
We think it was profiling
you. identifying weaknesses.
-so that they could manipulate you.
-[scoffs] Okay. yeah.
This all seems very
conspiracy theory. yeah.
So can you just go out there
and get Tara on the phone.
-and we can straighten this all out?
-Her phone's dead.
And she's not at the
address she gave you.
Which she also gave to the events
company she was working for.
In fact. we don't even know
if Tara is her real name.
Why would she give
me a false name?
[sighs]
She was a honey trapper.
She lied to you.
manipulated you.
She's trying to extract
something from you.
Something about Abbotsfield.
[stammers] She
didn't get anything.
That's why they
tried to kill me.
[chuckles] See. this is what
happens when a honey trapper
gets a taste of honey
themselves. you know?
Things. they go loco. Yeah.
I've... I've seen it before.
It was in a Cindy Crawford flick. I
think. She only did a couple of them...
Roddy. you're
fighting reality here.
No. look. It's rule number one:
never fall in love with the target.
But forbidden fruit
always tastes sweeter.
It became a real relationship.
She... She turned against her
handlers. risked everything.
I mean. that's why they tried to take
my life. to punish her and all women.
But mainly her.
[Tyson] The numbers might
be low for the rally.
[Zafar] What? 'Cause
Gimball's not appearing?
Are you saying he's
more of a draw than me?
No. 'Cause the
gridlock's still clearing
and the bomb at the
zoo has people on edge.
Some people are going
to stay at home.
Well. they can't. okay?
I want a full room. I can't
talk to an empty room.
Dad.
Oh. Irfan.
Hey. you changed
your hair again.
Yeah. I wanted it to
be more distinctive.
Hands on your head.
-What's going on?
-Hey. hey. Let go of my son.
[officer] We're arresting
him for breaking into a depot
and sabotaging the fuel supply.
That is absolutely absurd.
What proof do you have?
[officer] He just showed
us his confession.
Oh. Irfan. What have you done?
Unlike you I followed
my conscience.
No. you've done this
to embarrass me.
No. you embarrass me.
Okay? What are you
doing for my generation?
Look. I've told you we can only go
one step at a time on these issues.
No. you're all talk
and no action. Dad.
Okay. there is no time.
The planet is dying
from plastics!
The last thing we need is
another plastic politician!
-You shouldn't be here.
-Plastic politician!
-[bystanders murmur]
[car horns honking]
[siren wailing]
Berlin was the
ultimate lockdown.
Uh. Spooks' Zoo. they called it.
No one ever escaped.
I was a babysitter for fuck-ups.
Much like I am now.
Much like you. Devon.
Except I had some
charm and charisma.
A bit of raw sex
appeal. [chuckles]
Fuck off.
Stasi were the real deal.
Yeah. fucking monsters.
Loved to torture people.
took pride in it.
[sighs] They had no rules.
No conscience. No compassion.
Yeah. they picked
up a joe of mine.
Brought him in.
[sighs] To be honest
with you. I...
I think I'd rather be crucified than
have to go through what he went through.
-[Catherine] Where did you get that?
-Hmm?
-[Catherine sighs]
-[Jackson] No. I found it.
-Nope.
-Come on.
-No.
-Standish. I'm fucking gasping.
It's just the one.
[Catherine] No.
[sighs]
[Catherine scoffs]
[Jackson sighs]
-Hey. you want that? Yeah. [chuckles]
-Yes.
Oh. You could've joined the
Stasi yourself. you know?
Yeah. you'd have
fitted right in.
No mercy.
[sniffs] Inventive. though.
They could turn
anything into a weapon.
Eastern bloc budgets didn't stretch to
blowtorches. so they made their own.
[clicks tongue. sighs]
They got an aerosol can
and a lighter...
[melancholic music playing]
And they burnt all th-the skin
off the soles of his feet.
and then made him
stand for days.
They'd make him
piss into a bottle.
Then. they'd pour
it in his mouth.
and if he didn't swallow it. they'd
beat him around the head with it.
So. three days of this.
he's on the brink of death.
and the Stasi can see that... that his
body would give up before his resolve does.
They'd have happily killed him.
but then they wouldn't have got
what they wanted. which was a name.
Stored in the poor
bastard's battered head.
So. they found
his only weakness.
He had met a woman. a local.
He'd gotten serious.
M-Maybe not love. but the closest
thing a spook can come to it.
It's a fucking
lonely life. Devon.
[sniffs. sighs]
Sometimes you just.
you know. you just grasp
at any spark of perfection.
[sighs] So. I
couldn't blame him.
Yeah. they were shacking up
together in a safe house.
Got sloppy.
Yeah. Anyway. they. uh...
they brought her in.
and they worked her over
in the same room as
him so he could see it.
But even then.
he didn't break.
He-He refused to
give them anything.
Even while they burnt all the skin off
of that beautiful face he loved so much.
Even when they beat her in the
stomach with a fire extinguisher.
Even when she screamed.
[speaks German]
What's that mean?
"I'm pregnant."
[Devon] Fuck.
He begged them to
stop hurting her.
Yeah. he pleaded with them.
[sighs] But he still
wouldn't give them the name.
And it was only when
the screams stopped
and the woman and the baby.
their baby. were dead...
[sighs]
That the Stasi realized...
the only reason he
wouldn't give them the name
was because he didn't
know the fucking name.
Never had.
[Devon] Fucking hell.
And what did they
do to him then?
[breathes deeply]
Oh. he was free to go.
As we are now.
What?
What the fuck are you doing?
[shouting]
[grunts]
[Devon] Fuck.
Shit.
Oh. fuck.
Give me my phone.
[stammers] Fuck me.
You lot were really
paying attention for once.
Hey.
Well. we did ask you nicely.
Fuck you. man.
You'll be thrown out for this.
We've already been thrown out.
-[Devon] Fuck.
-Come on. fuckwits.
Oh. I love that we're still fuckwits even
though we just broke out of lockdown.
Everyone's gonna have to type
those out again when we get back.
-[River] Nope.
-[sighs]
Fuck you.
[car horns honking]
All right.
Everyone off to the debate.
Debate's canceled. They're
holding separate rallies.
[Jackson sighs] Okay.
you go with Cartwright.
Head to Gimball's. He's
the obvious target.
You go to Jaffrey's.
Just as a precaution.
Hey. can I get
one of those guns?
No. you can't. We're gonna
need them more than you.
Lamb. that story. was that you?
Were you the one being tortured?
[scoffs] Don't be
fucking daft. Standish.
I-I made it up.
Uh. well. I'll go
with Shirley then.
[Shirley] Where are you going?
Away from you.
[Diana] Did Tara ever ask you
about any aspect of your work?
[Roddy] Look. if she was ever
tasked with finding anything out.
that went out the window when
she fell for the Hot Rod.
-[Diana] If you are lying...
-[sniffs]
...or even if some tiny little
thing genuinely slipped your mind.
you will be locked away
for a very long time
in a much nastier and
smaller cell than this.
I'm telling you. she had no
interest in me being a spy.
It meant nothing to her.
She wasn't even fussed when I showed
her I could hack into the MI5 database.
[suspenseful music playing]
You did what?
Chill. I was just
trying to impress her.
Sorry. just to be clear. you showed
her how to enter the MI5 database?
Relax. yeah? She
couldn't replicate it.
I've got the fastest
fingers in the West.
You can quote me on that.
And was she ever left alone?
No. Never.
Well. apart from when I went
to get the door for the pizzas.
Like. 20 seconds tops.
-But like I said. she wasn't fussed.
-[door buzzes]
She loves me for who
I am. not what I do.
Did I just hear that right?
He left her on her own with
access to our entire database.
and we have no idea who she is.
what she wants. or what she did.
Find Ho's girlfriend. and tell IT
to check the system for a breach.
["Strange Game" playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm